and go to meet him nabil bentaleb
you may or may not know him
he is now Algerian international
we went on the spot
watch this beautiful report signed beautiful
abbess wood here mohamed law dailly narrative
clément chauveau and editing
jean michel antoine
airport in london gatwick last monday
nabil ben taleb is about to take off
towards a new adventure direction
Algeria the country of the selection he
chose but that's how it's wrong
do them with the heart
when the day comes up on alger london
already seems very far for the first
times of his career nabil ben taleb
wears the colors of Algeria
green and white rather than blue
favor what I did my loved ones
you and make the choice of the heart my
heart leans over for young nabil
ben taleb had worn the jersey of
the France team is the under 19
years old but the left-handed chose the fennecs
like many players
Franco-Algerian yabda taïder brahimi
ghoulam beg and now bentaleb
to compete with France it was necessary to
do it there whenever the
present the federation is aiming for a player he
it's weird but benzema does not have
still played World Cup he would have
did it with algeria syria
risk not playing the next cup
of the world he could have played two cups
of the world with Algeria
today the players franco
Algerians they will they will think
a lot before opting for the team
la France
radio silence blue side contacted at
many times
the French federation has declined our
ask for an interview
for nabil ben taleb the choice of heart
is also that of fervor
this wednesday of algeria hosts the
Slovenia in friendly match at 14h in blida
the chaker stadium is already full four
hours before kickoff
the spurs player discovers
the craze around fennecs is
latent that his arrival
at 19 the young midfielder
could play the world cup at
Brazil
a long- awaited destiny
the story between football and nabil ben
taleb started in Lille in the neighborhood
of wazemmes on this synthetic ground
between 6 and 11 years the little nabil marked
minds by his talent obviously
but also by his temperament
when he loses the matches is to limit
had to look for it in the field because
that they were crying it's a very
very bad loser kind ben on fart
a cable it's a guy it's a winner
nabil does not like checks but he goes
to be confronted while he is 14 years old the
training center losc announced him
that it will not be kept that will do
badly yeah but it's an event yet
the more the rage to prove to them actually they
were wrong tandja day 3 to ride
the bengals of water d
but we are not good I see how
which he was wrong nabil measure
today a meter 87 and the child of
wazemmes became the kid of tim
Sherwood
the tottenham coach
well his parents they live there so
he comes to see us a little bit he is
young and are proud of him so it's a
neighborhood example what
tonight js lille wazemmes will have the
eyes turned to Algeria
we already hope holder in a first
time sometimes familiar happen
for him for his first
bentaleb is titularized by vahid
halilhozic
the tottenham player will not forget
certainly not that peeled was there the
day of his first cloak
we played ball well there was good
hurry when to play one block
was solid Algeria won 2-0
thanks to goals of soudani and haider
nabil ben taleb just changed
status
it is now international with the
musical return two years I was still
in pebbles had today
the choice of father filming bentaleb luiz
on this young person I have the opportunity to see me
I when he has he returned to class
of a match between manchester united
Tottenham did it back in the middle of
ground
I add to this boy there was
something and a potential and a
intelligence on the game plan he has a
clairvoyance he has a facility the one the
command any case he has all the ease
of bio terrain they dominate and there the
tactical sense
he has a remarkable placement and that I
find that it's a boy who will he
has progressed enormously
dad him from her look at her head on